Improve README documentation with Table of Contents and Quick Start g… (#1676)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocBLAS: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> The published rocBLAS documentation is available at [rocBLAS](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocBLAS/en/latest/index.html) in an organized, easy-to-read format, with search and a table of contents. The documentation source files reside in the rocBLAS/docs folder of this repository. As with all ROCm projects, the documentation is open source. For more information, see [Contribute to ROCm documentation](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/contribute/contributing.html).

## Quick Start

### Installation

> For the latest rocBLAS library, please visit the [ROCm/rocm-libraries](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries) repository.

Reviewer: It's probably better to point to the install docs in the rocBLAS docs.

### Basic Usage Example

> Here's a simple example of using rocBLAS for matrix multiplication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple example of how to use rocBLAS for matrix multiplication:
```

```cpp
#include <hip/hip_runtime.h>
#include <rocblas/rocblas.h>

int main() {
    rocblas_handle handle;
    rocblas_create_handle(&handle);
    
    // Your rocBLAS operations here
    
    rocblas_destroy_handle(handle);
    return 0;
}
```

> For comprehensive examples and tutorials, please refer to the [official documentation](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocBLAS/en/latest/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comprehensive examples and tutorials, see the [official documentation](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocBLAS/en/latest/index.html).
```
